1. The chirp refers to the signal that changes over time. Why is it beneficial to repeat
    frequencies in the chirp. Is there an advantage to high spectral coherence in
    this scenario?

    Gather a lot of data in a quick interval over one sitting. 

2. I understand the general process of the project works but where specifically is 
    code where the microphone perceives the signal/audio?

3.  For the function, there is func_chirp and get_features but where is the in 
    between where the user-influenced chirp signal is actually received/measured? 

4. In Step 2 - Cross Correlation, what is the signal cross correlating with? Is it the 
    sample given in training data? Specifically, is it correct that this section is 
    trying to get the signal of the structure-borne signal independent of the airborne signal.

        Cross correlation is used to determine the place in the signals that the structure-borne signal occurs 
        since it is likely that the total recorded signal will include fragments that are airborne/not desirable 
        in general. Since the frequency is constant throughout the different mediums, the cross correlation can
        be done with the amplitude of the chirp signal as compared to the amplitude fluctuation of the structure-
        borne signal. 

5. Can the desired signal processing also be done using Fourier transform/analysis
    of the airborne sound vs. the structure-borne sound

        This would be an ineffective method for decomposing the airborne and structure-borne waves because Fourier
        transform is concerned with mapping a sinusoidal function from it's time domain to it's frequency domain. 
        Since the frequency of the signal will not vary across mediums, there is no use for the Fourier Transform 
        in this experiment. 

6. Going into the actual specifics of the sound, is the chirp a pure frequency. 
    Are there any resources you could point me to in understanding how structure-borne
    propagation would effect that pure sound. 
    
        Yes, the chirp is a pure frequency that is swept up/down based on preference. The structure-borne propagation 
        is therefore also a pure frequency. 

7. Can you explain the graph made about the 3 different positions in your research 
    paper about the topic? 

        The euclidean distance in average amplitude in measurements taken of structure-borne sound propagating throughout
        various mediums. The high contrast suggests that structure-borne sound could be an effective way of distinguishing 
        users based on medium (hands). 

8. What is the point of using the complex conjugate transpose on the full signal before Cross Correlation, and then "undoing it" by 
    reapplying the transpose at the end of extracting the desired signal. Was it easier to work with the data when the rows/columns were 
    transposed?

9. We have a general confusion with the function of the lag matrix returned by cross correlation between the two signals. What information 
    specifically is stored within this variable and why is it used to reference the start of the signal in line 93 of Step 2?

10. What is the need to segment each individual chirp after the signal has been determined to start. Is this for the data of each chirp to be 
    in a specific, accessible format later on? 